
	G I K I

A small flat-file Wiki system written in PHP.

Version 1.5.2.

Based on "Wiki!" by Sam Thursfield <golrien hybd.net>, August 2002 - February 2003.

by Gregor Richards, 2005, 2006.


SO, WHAT IS IT?

A wiki; a system of nodes that anyone (with an account) can modify. See
Everything2 (http://www.everything2.com) as an example of a slightly bigger
system, based on the same principles.
  

HOW DO I INSTALL IT?

The scripts should be installed in a directory inside the web root (ie,
viewable by HTTP). The data files should be installed a directory that is world
writable (chmod'ed to 777), which means that they should, if possible, be kept
above the web root. For example, if your index.html goes in
/home/sites/clowns.com/web, you'll want to put the scripts in that directory
(or a subdirectory of it) and create /home/sites/clowns.com/wiki for the data.
Because the data directory has to be world writable, it is insecure to place it
where it can be accessed via HTTP.


IT'S PRETTY BORING, HUH?

Yeah, you' ll want to go to adduser.php and add yourself; log in and do some
funk. That's essentially it, you have a wiki. HTML is allowed unless the noHTML
GikiPlugin is loaded; you can link to other notes by enclosing the name in
[square brackets]. [Hi|hello] will link to node hello but display Hi as the
link text. You can also include inline images with [image:filename], and link
to fully qualified URLs in both syntaxes.


WHERE DO I FIND OUT ABOUT UPDATES?

http://giki.sourceforge.net


HANG ON, I LINKED TO A NODE AND IT COMES UP EMPTY!

The names are case sensitive, so if you've got a node called cheese you've got
to do [cheese] not [Cheese]. You can still put [Cheese|cheese], though.


HOW DO I LINK TO A WEB PAGE?

You can create links like this: [http://www.google.com/] You can also create
relative links, like this: [:upload.php]


I TRIED TO LINK AND IT DIDN'T WORK AT ALL.

I'm using regexp to match the links, so there's probably a character that isn't
listed (some are deliberately disallowed to avoid filename screwings and
stuff). Currently available, as well as all letters and numbers, are the
following symbols: !-=+\"$%^()@_ If you need one that isn't there and you think
it should be, bug me about it and I'll fix it up for you.


I KEEP GETTING "ACCESS DENIED" WHEN TRYING TO VIEW OR EDIT A NODE, WHAT'S UP
WITH THAT?

The file permissions are set wrong. The node directory must be 777 (world
writable) in order to be editable.


LOGIN DOESN'T WORK.

If you're using IE6, this could be a security policy issue with cookies. You
have to mark the site as secure in IE.
 

HOW CAN I LET THE USER CREATE A NODE?

The following snippet of code was sent in by "Walk" <walk ifrance.com>:
<formname="edit"> <input type="text" name="title"> <input
type="submit"value="Create a node"> </form>


HOW DO I TRANSLATE IT?

You create a new language.xx.inc, with xx being some kind of country code, and
change language.inc to point to it. You hopefully also send it to one of the
developers.


I INSTALLED THIS OVER AN OLD VERSION AND ALL MY NODES DISAPPEARED. UH?

Make sure you didn't change your node directory in config.php.


HOW DO I CHANGE THE TEMPLATE?

Your template can be any HTML file, but it should have: $title where you want
the title of the node, $node where you want the node data, and $bar where you
want the bar. You can also make certain nodes function as part of the template
like so: $node[Sidebar]. You can change how the bar is displayed in config.php.
